Routes entity page, router expressions, proxying (#168)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/routing/expressions-router-reference.md

```
http.path ^= "/foo/bar"
```

Predicates are made up of smaller units that you can configure:

| Object | Description | Example |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| Field | The field contains value extracted from the incoming request. For example, the request path or the value of a header field. The field value could also be absent in some cases. An absent field value will always cause the predicate to yield `false` no matter the operator. The field always displays to the left of the predicate. | `http.path` |
| Constant value | The constant value is what the field is compared to based on the provided operator. The constant value always displays to the right of the predicate. | `"/foo/bar"` |
| Operator | An operator defines the desired comparison action to be performed on the field against the provided constant value. The operator always displays in the middle of the predicate, between the field and constant value. | `^=` |
| Predicate | A predicate compares a field against a pre-defined value using the provided operator and returns `true` if the field passed the comparison or `false` if it didn't. | `http.path ^= "/foo/bar"` |

## Type system

> Expressions language is strongly typed. Operations are only performed
> if such an operation makes sense in regard to the actual type of field and constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expressions language is strongly typed. An operation is only performed
if it makes sense in regard to the actual type of field and constant.
```

Type conversion at runtime is not supported, either explicitly or implicitly. Types
are always known at the time a route is parsed and an error is returned
if the operator cannot be performed on the provided field and constant.

The expressions language currently supports the following types:

| Type     | Description                                                                                          | Field type | Constant type |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------|---------------|
| `String` | A string value, always in valid UTF-8.                                                               | ✅          | ✅             |

> | `IpCidr` | Range of IP addresses in CIDR format. Can be either IPv4 or IPv6.                                   | ❌          | ✅             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IpCidr` | A range of IP addresses in CIDR format. Can be either IPv4 or IPv6.                                   | ❌          | ✅             |
```

| `IpAddr` | A single IP address. Can be either IPv4 or IPv6.                                                    | ✅          | ✅             |
| `Int`    | A 64-bit signed integer.                                                                             | ✅          | ✅             |
| `Regex`  | A regex in [syntax](https://docs.rs/regex/latest/regex/#syntax) specified by the Rust `regex` crate. | ❌          | ✅             |

In addition, expressions also supports one composite type, `Array`. Array types are written as `Type[]`.
For example: `String[]`, `Int[]`. Currently, arrays can only be present in field values. They are used in
case one field could contain multiple values. For example, `http.headers.x` or `http.queries.x`.

### String

> Strings are valid UTF-8 sequences. They can be defined with string literal that looks like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strings are valid UTF-8 sequences. They can be defined with a string literal that looks like
```

```
http.path ~ "/\\d+\\-\\d+"
```

With raw string literals, you can write:

```
http.path ~ r#"/\d+\-\d+"#
```

### IpCidr

`IpCidr` represents a range of IP addresses in Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) format.

The following is an IPv4 example:

```
net.src.ip in 192.168.1.0/24
```

The following is an IPv6 example:
```
net.src.ip in fd00::/8
```

Expressions parser rejects any CIDR literal where the host portion contains any non-zero bits. This means that `192.168.0.1/24` won't pass the parser check because the intention of the author is unclear.

### IpAddr

`IpAddr` represents a single IP addresses in IPv4 Dot-decimal notation,
or the standard IPv6 Address Format.

The following is an IPv4 example:

```
net.src.ip == 192.168.1.1
```

The following is an IPv6 example:
```
net.src.ip == fd00::1
```

### Int

There is only one integer type in expressions. All integers are signed 64-bit integers. Integer
literals can be written as `12345`, `-12345`, or in hexadecimal format, such as `0xab12ff`,
or in octet format like `0751`.

### Regex

> Regex are written as `String` literals, but they are parsed when the `~` regex operator is present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regexes are written as `String` literals, but they are parsed when the `~` regex operator is present
```

and checked for validity according to the [Rust `regex` crate syntax](https://docs.rs/regex/latest/regex/#syntax).
For example, in the following predicate, the constant is parsed as a `Regex`:

```
http.path ~ r#"/foo/bar/.+"#
```

## Operators

> Expressions language support a rich set of operators that can be performed on various data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expressions language supports a rich set of operators that can be performed on various data types.
```

| `&&`           | And                   | Returns `true` if **both** expressions on the left and right side evaluates to `true`                                                                                                                        |
| `||` | Or | Returns `true` if **any** expressions on the left and right side evaluates to `true` |                                                                                                                    |
| `(Expression)` | Parenthesis           | Groups expressions together to be evaluated first                                                                                                                                                            |
{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}
| `!`            | Not                   | Negates the result of a parenthesized expression. **Note:** The `!` operator can only be used with parenthesized expression like `!(foo == 1)`, it **cannot** be used with a bare predicate like `! foo == 1` |
{% endif_version %}

## Allowed type and operator combinations

> Here are the allowed combination of field types and constant types with each operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the allowed combinations of field types and constant types with each operator.
```

priority: 100
```

Example route 2:
```
expression: http.path == "/unlikely/matched/request/path"
priority: 50
```

It's also best to reduce the number of `Route` entities created by leveraging the
logical combination capability of the expressions language.

#### Combining routes

If multiple routes result in the same `Service` and `Plugin` config being used,
they should be combined into a single expression `Route` with the `||` logical or operator. By combining routes into a single expression, this results in fewer `Route` objects created and better performance.

Example route 1:
```
service: example-service
expression: http.path == "/hello"
```

Example route 2:
```
service: example-service
expression: http.path == "/world"
```

These two routes can instead be combined as:

```
service: example-service
expression: http.path == "/hello" || http.path == "/world"
```

### Regular expressions usage

Regular expressions (regexes) are powerful tool that can be used to match strings based on
very complex criteria. Unfortunately, this has also made them more expensive to
evaluate at runtime and hard to optimize. Therefore, there are some common

> scenarios where regex usages can be eliminated, resulting in significantly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scenarios where regex usage can be eliminated, resulting in significantly
```
